hello get everyone this is the wrong way
Nick rill and I'm going to talk to you
guys about to grab releasing the Super
Smash Brothers Brawl people keep talking
and wondering how it works and so I'm
going to make that not happen anymore
okay so first thing you won't look out
for is the opponent for stare for
example snake crabs Fox and his feet are
off the ground and he flies up now
fought the scraps Nick his feet are on
the ground and he's like that though
notice the difference now the second
thing you wanted to do is jump input so
for example Fox grab snake the snake
presses jump doesn't
the ship
ergo that's what's supposed to happen
gets air release
there we go so people input jump it
supersedes if he gets forced air or not
he just automatically gets air released
the third thing you want to do is pummel
it the third thing you want to work look
out for others public snake grabs Fox
air release State grads Fox can grab a
taxi or pampas ground release I don't
know the exact frame data but if you
pummel and there really is for however
many frames afterwards they
automatically get ground release pummel
you take some priority over everything
so for example Fox gets air at least and
I'm inputting jump and it doesn't matter
he still gets ground at least so that's
really all there is to it they're only
those three things if they get forced
there if you want put a jump or if you
pummel so that's the end of this bye bye